so heavy one we're gonna do a first look
here at the the jam thing on Garageband
the new GarageBand for iPad and iPhone
pull the smart base for this
demonstration I got the iPhone here
there you gonna connect with bluetooth
there's a little icon up there create a
session and then you go here on your
iPhone it's gonna have the session there
you just like that
on the phone I'm gonna pick a drum set
smart drums for now so whatever device
starts the jam session is the one that's
gonna record everything and purpose of
this demonstration I'm just gonna use
the smart instruments I'm gonna record I
put random beads in here my iPhone
the smart charms stop that better care
record
now that's triggers the iPhone suppose
the base plan right now so let's put the
baseline in there okay so that recorded
now instantly in my arrange thing here I
have the smart drums record it from the
iPad but they're muted because they're
still on here so we're unmute that and
I'm gonna pick a new instrument here
let's just do a smart strings cuz those
are new forget find him
go to my arrange window it's gonna cut
that track
oops
oh well smart strings again back here
hit record
Otto Python
so that's record in the string section
to my song you know what back in the
arrange window it record the drums again
but they're muted because they're still
on my iPhone I didn't delete the most
gonna delete them but just for the
demonstration purpose it was pretty
quick but they're muted so didn't really
matter
and now I have actually is playing this
one too so I must turn this off on the
phone I'm gonna leave the session done
and then
it's gonna optimize the performance of
course bars that just a quick little
first look at the Bluetooth connection
thing you have up to four devices
connect
different instance fine at the same time
record them all again that's just a
smart instruments and you can do
obviously record other instruments as
well if you play them alright see you
later